
Tell us about yourself. Give an overview of your professional career.How and when you started programming? Why do you like being in this field?Tell us about yourself. Give an overview of your professional career.How and when you started programming? Why do you like being in this field?
              I have multiple internships under my belt, mostly consisting of AI and React based applications. I have however built multiple production websites, earning a revenue of 6 L rupees based on conversions alone. I started programming early in age, my dad brought home a laptop from work, and the ad for hour of code sparked my interest into the block based programming languages, which then spiraled into the pool of languages I know today. I like being in this field as there is no problem without a solution, the onus is on us as developers to find a solution, no matter how convoluted, or hacky it is to solve a problem.
          
What is the most challenging problem that you have worked on until now in your career? How you solved it? Be descriptive in explaining the problem and then describe your approach to solving it. It doesn’t have to be the most challenging problem in the world - just what was challenging for you given the skills you had at that point.What is the most challenging problem that you have worked on until now in your career? How you solved it? Be descriptive in explaining the problem and then describe your approach to solving it. It doesn’t have to be the most challenging problem in the world - just what was challenging for you given the skills you had at that point.
              The most challenging problem I faced was the slowdowns caused by the data stream from an LLM to my backend.The token stream was too quick to process and retransmit to the client, as it involved deserialization , processing and then serialization , causing slowdowns in both the server as well as the client. The LLM token stream was coming as part of a Server Sent Events stream, which when used directly by the client is pretty fine. However, the application requires much more data to be sent and received, which meant I needed a two way connection that could also be interrupted, hence I wrote a converter from Server Sent Events to WebSockets, which then required some more shenanigans with async python and async generators. I have the WebSockets Implementation written using FastAPI, which made some parts of the API easy while allowing me to have my app as quick as possible.
          
Have you worked less than a year at your previous company? If yes, please share reason for leaving that job.,Have you worked less than a year at your previous company? If yes, please share reason for leaving that job.,
              I have worked only as internships so they are less than 1 year.
          
What is your expected CTC (In Lakhs)?What is your expected CTC (In Lakhs)?
              15 LPA
          
When can you join if selected? Please mention any notice period that you might have in previous job.When can you join if selected? Please mention any notice period that you might have in previous job.
              If Internship + Job Offer then immediately, else probably by Mar or Apr 2025
          
Your message to the hiring managerYour message to the hiring manager
              Thanks for the opportunity, hope I can join your team soon.
          
can you tell me more about you ?
            I am an avid web dev, working with SvelteKit for about 4 years now. I have decent experience with web, and multiple production websites as well as projects to show. I enjoy creating great user experiences and my current hobbies include robotics, embedded systems and am looking to rocketry.I started coding from a young age, and so have a decent variety of experience with different fields, including Web Scraping, Pipelining, CI/CD, Linux Administration and now working with Generative AI such as LLMs and vLLMs
why should I choose you ?
            I believe I can bring a great deal of knowledge that I learnt while making websites that others use and have great experience working as a team. I didn't learn through YouTube videos or any Bootcamp, but by doing what was needed. My solutions may not be optimal, but they are quick and work just as well. I stick to deadlines and have a portfolio of innovative websites.
            You can find some of my work at the following linksaiko.parapalli.dev
            ara.parapalli.dev
            adhyaaya23.parapalli.dev
            adhyaaya22.parapalli.dev
            adhyaaya23-coming-soon.parapalli.dev

18 to 23 USD per hour for Internship purposes
